layout: post
title: This Is Hard
So I knew this was going to be hard. Bloc tells you that in the beginning. I knew that this time was going to be difficult and stressful. That I would be challenged like I haven’t before. I mean it’s called a boot camp for a reason. You are going to be pushed to your limit. I knew all of that, but I didn’t realize the extent of that difficulty until the week of my first Bloc module assessment. I was learning about Git and I remember having a hard time understanding what I was doing. I was able to code what I needed to in order to pass the checkpoints but I wasn’t really understanding what I was coding.
And so when it came to for my first practice assessment with my mentor I failed. And failed bad. When he was asking questions about Git and Github, it felt like he was talking in a different language. I got 0/10 questions right that he asked me. And I wasn’t even close of many of the questions. I was embarrassed. I there wasn’t too many times in my life where I had failed this bad. Maybe 7th grade basketball tryouts when I couldn’t make one shot during the tryouts. Outside of that, this was the big failure for me. My mentor said I wasn’t ready and wanted me to prepare another week for the challenge.
So I did. I worked my butt off. While I was embarrassed I realized that the real assessment was still ahead of me. So I went back through all the material and really tried to work through and memorize all I could. I took a bunch of notes and then after a week I scheduled my assessment.
I was so nervous. I didn’t really know what to expect. There were 10 questions being asked by the assessment giver. I nailed the first 7 questions. And the last 3 I tried my best. And I passed! I was super excited.
The next several months a lot of life happened. My wife and I had our second baby. My sister got married. And I quit my old job and started a new one. And I didn’t make Bloc a priority during that time. So I got behind. And soon I started to feel like I couldn't do it. I felt like I couldn't pass the future assessments, I couldn’t pass the checkpoints, I was struggling. I thought about quitting even. There seemed like so much pressure and so much stress to try and catch up. But after talking it over with my wife, I decided to continue and really just press into my studies. We came up with a new schedule to make Bloc a priority and I’ve been catching up slowly but surely. That still doesn’t mean I’m completely confident and I never get fearful that I can’t do it. But when those feelings of quit arrive, I stop, listen to them, and then I tell myself that I can do this, remind myself of why I’m doing this and press on. 
This is hard. It’s the hardest thing I’ve done, but I know in the end when I look back and I have finished this journey, I will be proud of myself that I pushed through. I think I will be able to show my future employers that I don’t give up. And I whenever I go through something difficult in the future, I can look back on this time and be inspired to not give up, and to press on.
