layout: post
title: This Is It
There have been a lot of things I have wanted to do as a job over the years. When I was a kid I wanted to be a professional soccer player. Then I wanted to be a radio DJ. Then a TV broadcast anchor. Then I wanted to be a pastor. Then a graphic designer. Now I want to be a developer.
One reason why I want to be a developer is because I love creating something out of nothing. The challenge that you get when you are trying to create something out of thin air is one that I love. I don’t think it will ever get old. It’s something I think we are all created to do.
I also know programming is not going away any time soon. Its growing and growing every year. More and more people are learning how to code. They are teaching kids code in school even. I wanted a job that would always be in demand. A job where I could find work anywhere we moved to and I believe that a job in programming fits that need exactly.
Another reason why I want to be a developer is because with the opportunity to be a leader. One thing I really enjoy is managing people. I had the opportunity to do that at T Bar M when I was managed a team of coaches. I loved taken care of them and just asking how things were going. I really want people to feel heard and taken taken care of if I am managing them. I think someone will work even harder for you, when you help them feel needed and loved.
The last big reason I wanted to be a programmer is because I wanted a skill that I could be proud of. I felt lacking when I was a graphic designer, like anybody could come off the street and do my job. I wanted to learn a skill that was difficult. I wanted to be able to be proud of my job and what I had accomplished. The sense of pride I get when I can explain something complicated in coding is great. It’s exactly what I was looking for.
  Also the fact that there are endless opportunities within programming. There are so many different avenues I can take from front end to back end to full stack, and all the different programming languages within this. It is all just so very exciting. That’s why I want to be a programmer and that’s why I feel like this is such a great choice for my future.
